hope to be back yeah i just started
skiing on Monday I'm just um i doing out
there kind of skating around trying to
get back into things and hopefully if
all goes well this week and you know
it's insert evil way and stuff i should
be hopefully in the lineup next weekend
for me which is a bit what's the biggest
problem right now is a movement is it
paining gods it's mostly just like
movement because then i got a knee brace
on my skeet so I've gotta kinda get used
to like you know the car stops and like
cousin side to side and stuff like I
really haven't even started much of that
yet you could have to weigh the price
when you play it is there any pain at
this point ah not really I mean
sometimes rounds like if I try to do
some things on the ice I mean if I try
to like really laced into a shot or
something kind of feel like I try to
make a pivot what anybody tells you know
tenfold better let it was a deranged
mental issues you're gonna have to get
up when you get back out there in terms
of worried laughs again ah yeah I don't
know I'm not sure it's a out as
when it comes but I don't think I think
I'm pretty good at trying to keep
blocking and stuff I'm just playing are
you pretty much if you do make it back
from the main series you pretty much on
target in terms of weight thought you'd
be when it's worse to happen I be two
weeks quicker than when we first starts
for the first bits that hopefully I be
you so if this is with you fighting back
two weeks early for me what which one's
been the most frustrating part of this
you know obviously you were having a
heaven career here in till this happen
which what's been the most frustrating
thing for you think a few weeks probably
it's like sitting up in the stands ball
you guys about the proximity come to
reach every day and there I'll get it
ready you'll chattin it up in the locker
manam in the trainer's room around the
bike or your mother by myself but yeah
that's a most special car looking
forward to getting back with the team
and stay with them it almost feel like
you're our pilot team almost feels like
you're not it's some serious
yeah put it in I I'm trying to keep
involved me every time there's a meeting
or I've been going to wait list with the
guys I'm back doing that skin it's got
old pretty respect at all about the way
the guys are building out up until
saturday and i didn't lost a game and
with you out of the lineup and then
jacob goes down about the way the guys
killed Anna yeah i mean everyone stepped
in friday mean butler sort of gol de
blanc on his first goal it's just really
deep team it's fun to be the scenes i
played on the office it's good to know
someone goes down there you know it's
not should be a problem that anyone else
could step in and contribute what did
you go out there saturday night to amass
yeah we did yep i was there anything you
saw that was particularly i don't know
is i thought it was kind of a weird game
every time we played on they just seem
that like this the system we play we
just have trouble adjusting to it as I
don't really know how how that works
respite that's how it happens coach said
of my kimchi have might be its own now
because it was just reflect a little
more like inside of the way coach was
talking before it's just no energy just
didn't did show up yeah I kind of
noticed by the same things that he did
just just seemed kinda that wasn't that
like no one wanted to play me I thought
you know guys like showed up me but uh
it was just such a weird game you really
couldn't get anything in a knock in the
office morning and so they kind of
bottle everything up